All right guys let's go ahead and create our next architectural piece for our castle.
So let's create a new folder and we'll call it R2
then what we'll do is we are going to come down and grab our large cylinder and we're going to copy
it and we're going to paste it into our new folder
and then we're going to rotate them and resize them
.
Now we'll create a new layer underneath him and using our elliptical marquee tool we're going to create
an oval
and we're going to fill that oval with this color.
Then using our brush tool with a soft edge we're going to take this orange
and paint the edges of our oval.
Then we're going to grab this light orange
and we're going to paint the very edge of our oval
.
Now we're going to rotate our oval and we might have to shrink them down a little bit
Awesome.
Now we're going to copy our finial piece and we've left a bit of an oval here or a ring.
So we're going to delete that out of our layer
.
Now let's find our finial.
There he is.
And we'll copy them.
Then we're going to paste them into our new folder.
And we want to bring him behind our oval piece and we accidentally made our oval piece and our first
layer.
So I'm going to drag that up into our new layer then I'll drag my finial piece behind him.
And I'm going to rate rotate them and resize them
.
Now we're going to copy our Raylene layer
and paste them into our new folder.
And we want him to be on top of all of our other layers then we'll rotate them and resize them
.
And there you are we've just created our second architectural piece to our castle